
BTS-Jimin fake video call, chat, games and wallpaper
BTS-Jimin Video call and chat is a simple and easy application for you to make a fake call video with your Celebrity BTS-Jimin and chat live with her, Enjoy calling your favorite actor BTS-Jimin and chat in an easy way, feel free and download this BTS-Jimin puzzle Video call app for fun and prank your friends.
Enjoy also calling the Likee.Nastya Puzzle Sister Felilipe neto.
Call your idol Giovanna luluca and pingfonk.
prank your friend by chatting with mr Faisu, chotu Dada, naisa alifia yuriza (NAY), BTS-Jimin, hemry danger.
Live chat with the famous bts song Army, like jimin, jung-kook and taehyung.
video call with the famous celebrity like pocong, vampire, kuntilanak, Lucas Neto.

How to use fake chat with BTS-Jimin:
+ STEP 1
1. Choose you want to simulate fake call from BTS world
2. Choose contact pictures & and make a conversation with BTS-Jimin
3. Send a message and wait until BTS-Jimin answer your message

How to use fake video call with BTS-Jimin:
+ STEP 2 (now you are in this step)
1. In the top right, tap video call icon, if the contact statuses is online, video call is available
2. If your screen showing up your front camera don't panic or nerves, BTS-Jimin will answer your calls.
3. Wait a second, normally BTS-Jimin need 5-30 second to answer your call, its normal because nobody know what BTS-Jimin doing right now.
4. Tap Red call icon to stop video call with BTS-Jimin

Wallpaper is added in BTS-Jimin: Chat - Video call
+ STEP 0
1. Swipe Right
2. Select BTS-Jimin island
3. Set as wallpaper
4. Go to Home screen
5. Wallpaper already set.
Horror 3D BTS-Jimin Games

FEATURES:
BTS-Jimin crab
Fake call, prank video call.
Jimin Video call
Fake messenger, send and receive messages from BTS-Jimin.
Set BTS-Jimin wallpaper as you want.
Artificial intelligence Bot chat.
Light Head vs BTS-Jimin Game
BTS-Jimin game
Scary Head Field




With this application you can prank your friends as if you were on the phone of your favorite artist.
You can also show off with your friends by taking screenshots during a video call and then sharing them on your social media such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Twitter and others.

This fake call and fake messenger apps is build with:
Version 1.0 Artificial intelligence Markup Language (AIML) for natural messenger, sometime the answer of messenger is not natural please be patient.
